I'll put it where it goes later and says you'll have
to come on. He backed up in the front of. of
scarborough's you know it steps up at that time it
it's had a step up of about six or eight inches
before you went into the door down to the sidewalk
which was lower which was much slower and um it was a
very rough sidewalk there it wasn't smooth like it
is like it was later on they did great improvement
there but it was rough In other words, it was part
rock and part cement and just anything to keep you
off of the mud. That's really what it was. And he sat
down and he took these shoes off. And he put them
over his shoulder and James Ely took his off. He
said, these shoes are killing me. He said, if we're
going to walk to that wagon yard, he said, these
shoes are killing me. Well, that was a sin in this
community for years. Papa Blackton told it about
the two boys sitting down pulling their shoes off.
My shoes are killing me. I'm going to the wagon
yard. And that was a sin. That was a colloquialism
that no one else but knew why they'd say that. But
that really happened. And you can just think of an
old country boy coming to town never wearing any
shoes at all, and buying a pair of patent leather
shoes on a hot summer day in Texas and walking on
pavement. It wasn't pavement, but concrete. You
can understand why he said, I'm taking these
things off. They're just killing me. Oh, yeah.
That's great. Now, to me, that's things that
really happen. And then Well, it is a fact that our
children today know more than we do because
they've had a better opportunity. Come right in!
That we have had to learn, but they know less. How
are you, sweetheart? They know less about human
relations to one another. Yeah, they've been
robbed of that. They've been robbed of it. Yeah,
that's true. They haven't been brought up with
that closeness to one another like we were. I've
had so many people ask me, well, why are you so
protective of Lyndon? I said, for the simple
reason I was the oldest girl in the Johnson family
of any of the grandchildren. Tom Martin was the
oldest boy, and he was 12 years older than I. There
was not too much feeling there. But I was taught to
guard over every one of my little cousins and to
take care of them. And I said, I'd slip off and go get
Leonard, because he was always ready to go. And
always ready to do. And I was always ready to help
and to do. And honest to goodness, that's very
true. And we were so much alike in that drive to get
going and do things. And that's the reason that we
were always so close and did so many things
together.
OK.